[doc] Update the name of the review app bot's slack channel (#3956)
mozilla/foundation.mozilla.org: docs/workflow.md

### Review Apps

> Opening a PR will automatically create a Review App in the `foundation-site` pipeline. It's not possible to use OAuth but you can still access the admin with `admin` as the username. Login are published in the `mofo-ra-foundation` Slack channel when the review app is ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opening a PR will automatically create a review app in the `foundation-site` pipeline. It's not possible to use OAuth but you can still access the admin interface with a username and password. The login details for review apps are published in the `mofo-ra-foundation` Slack channel when the app has finished deploying.
```
